(soft music)
Really?
The Climbing Silver move.
Right off the bat
like that, huh?
Thought you hated risky moves.
[Asuma] To defend your king
from a superior opponent,
one must make some sacrifices.
What's going on with you?
Oh, nothing to speak of.
I'm just finally
coming to understand
the true importance of the king.
Shikamaru, if I picked
pieces to match Leaf Shinobi,
do you know which
one the king is?
Well, the Hokage?
See, that's exactly what
I used to think, too.
But that is not
actually the case here.
Then, who is it?
You'll know the answer
when the time comes.
Mm.
(soft music)
Mirai should be getting
close to the age
when she'll be able to
realize who the king is.
(birds chirping)
Is there really a hot
spring all the way out here
in a place like this?
[Kakashi] Don't worry one bit!
On the hot spring circuit,
it's known as a hidden gem
you must visit at least
once in your life.
[Mirai] Sorry if it's a bit
out of the way, Tatsumi.
I know you came with us in
memory of your mother, but--
Oh, not at all!
Traveling with all of you
guys makes me feel safe!
Besides, I think my
mom would like the idea
of going to a hidden hot spring.
I'm guessing you're like
your mother, Tatsumi.
-(giggling)
-So I've been told!
And which parent do you
take after, Miss Mirai?
My mom, I think.
My father--
Well, my father died even
before I was born, after all.
What?
Oh, I'm sorry.
Don't be!
It really doesn't bother me.
[Kakashi] We should
be there soon.
Oh, there's supposed to
be a hot spring village
just over the next hill.
[Guy] Kakashi, I'm gonna
take the first soak!
[Kakashi] Hey, no fair!
[Mirai] Please, wait for us!
Oh!
It's a mountain.
Yeah, sure is.
It sure isn't a mountain at all!
Something really terrible
has happened here!
(Opening Theme Music)
-(birds chirping)
-(playful music)
Oh, hello.
You folks have come here
to visit the hot springs,
am I right?
Yes, but what happened here?
Well, I hate to disappoint you,
but just about a month ago,
a giant boulder fell
down from the mountain.
And everything just
got crushed beneath it.
So, the hot spring's
under there?
[Proprietress] Yes,
but we were fortunate,
since after all, nobody
ended up getting hurt.
[Kakashi] Guess it's a blessing
this place is deep
in the mountains
and doesn't have many residents.
Ah, well, too bad!
If I were a mere
20 years younger,
a boulder like this
would be easy to move.
But, it's been like
this for a month?
Even with all the
damage you sustained?
Hey!
You guys travelers?
Thank you for
coming all this way!
We don't have much to offer,
but how 'bout a drink?
Come on!
There you are!
Go head, drink up!
[Kakashi] Well, can't
say no to that offer!
[Villager] You, too?
[Guy] Yes, thank you!
[Kakashi] May I have another?
-Well, uh--
-How did you--
Sure, why not?
You do look like you're
enjoying yourself!
I'm not gonna lose
this match, Kakashi!
Oh, so you're a drinker, too!
-(giggling)
-You bet!
I'm just getting started, here!
It sure seems like you're
quite well seasoned now!
So, how's the
reconstruction going?
It's impossible!
But you can't just leave
things as they are, right?
It makes no difference
if that thing is a
boulder or a mountain!
It's not like we can do
anything about it ourselves.
-(Mirai groans)
-That's right.
We cleared away
the mud and sand,
but that's pretty
much all we can do!
What about the
Hidden Steam shinobi?
Why haven't they come
up here to help out?
Recently, several young
women have gone missing
from the surrounding area,
and they've been busy with that.
[Villager] Yeah.
They were girls just
about the same age as you.
(gasping)
In that situation, human
lives are at stake.
So, of course, that takes
priority over our troubles.
Hey, why haven't
we sought out help
from the Land of Fire, anyway?
You think they'd
cross the border
and come to a little
village like ours?
-(scoffing)
-I doubt that!
-(giggling)
-We're here!
We're right in front of you!
And even if they did actually
decide to come here to help,
for something minor like this,
they'd only send
some low-ranking guys
with no authority.
Right?
Don't you think that's true?
You're wrong!
Look, that guy is
the previous Hokage!
(playful music)
(sighing)
(grunting)
Nope, not gonna happen.
(sighs)
There's just no way.
I'm not gonna be able
to move it by myself.
I'm terribly sorry
that you all embarked on such
a long journey for nothing.
Oh, no--
Try this.
A Land of Steam's specialty,
potatoes roasted in
an underground pit.
Oh, thank you so much!
(gobbling)
Delicious!
I'm sorry that's all
we have to offer.
I wish you could've taken a
soak in the hot spring, but--
No, I'm sorry that we
can't help you out more!
Why'd I become a shinobi at all?
What's the point if I can't
even help this old woman
who's in a bad situation?
All right.
You eat up, now.
(soft music)
Even if the boulder's removed,
there'll be lots of debris.
Simply hauling that away
will be a huge task.
It'll be nearly impossible
with the number
of people we have.
But, we can't just
give up, right?
I mean, isn't there
anything that we can do
to help these guys out?
You've sure got guts.
[Mirai] Huh?
[Kakashi] I've
already taken steps.
Mr. Choji?
Really?
Yeah, he was on a
mission nearby, so--
If anyone can move that
boulder, it's Choji.
He's the strongest man in the
whole Hidden Leaf Village.
Someone's coming!
-Huh?
-Mm?
(wind whistling)
(bright electric guitar music)
He looks very strong.
[Mirai] Mr. Choji,
please help us!
Of course, Mirai!
[Mirai] That sharp gaze!
No wonder he's a
Hidden Leaf hero
who survived the
Fourth Great Ninja War!
-(stomach growling)
-Huh?
I ate them!
All my potato chips!
Why'd you come here?
(birds chirping)
-Hungry!
-(stomach growling)
I haven't eaten for so long.
[Mirai] I get it.
He had a rough mission
and hasn't eaten for days!
I haven't eaten any potato
chips for, like, 30 minutes!
Huh?
I'm sorry, but in this state,
there's no way I can
move that boulder!
Hold on!
If you need food--
Here!
Potatoes!
Oh!
These are--
(gobbling)
The Land of Steam's
underground roasted potatoes!
They live up to
their delicious hype!
So, they'll work?
Uh, no.
There isn't enough fat
in the roasted potatoes.
I have to have
some potato chips!
(giggling)
But why does it
have to be chips?
Can't you just drink
some cooking oil
or something like that?
This is really bad.
You just can't buy potato chips
this deep in the mountains.
[Choji] Potato chips.
If I just had some potato chips!
Oh, potato chips!
I'll fix this!
(cheerful music)
You doing okay?
I feel bad making you
help me like this.
Actually, I'm a
pretty good cook!
My mom taught me.
I don't have a whole lot
of experience with cooking.
So, you're gonna have to be
the one in charge right now.
-(tapping)
-(grunting)
Could you cut them more evenly
and even thinner than that?
Do you mean like this?
Yes, yes!
I'm sure there are
thick-cut chips out there
that have a dense,
flaky texture.
But I prefer thin and
crispy potato chips
that showcase the true
essence of the potato!
Well, then, why don't you
just make them yourself?
The simple action of
frying a potato in oil
brings out all of the
aspects of its flavor.
That's what a potato
chip truly is!
The five senses come alive as
one's appetite is stimulated.
Deep frying seems easy, but
it's a complex technique.
You must clear your mind
and listen to the sound
of the frying potato.
Long ago,
Asuma Sensei would often
say to me during training,
"Just clear your mind.
"You're too preoccupied
with your own thoughts."
Clear my mind, that right?
Yes, he said it's best
to just focus strictly
on what you can do right now.
So--
-(moans)
-(cheerful music)
Mr. Choji, you were my
father's student, weren't you?
Yeah, I sure was.
Please, tell me, what
was my father like?
Let me see.
Sensei--
Well, he liked to smoke a lot.
(sighs)
No, that isn't what I meant.
He was blunt, but
how do I say this?
Still awfully vague
at the same time.
[Mirai] Oh, I see.
But still.
At the age I'm at now,
I can sorta understand
how Sensei might've felt.
[Mirai] Huh?
I'm sure you know
how Cho-Cho and the rest of
Team 10 wear earrings, right?
[Mirai] Uh, yeah.
[Choji] Way back in the day,
when I was still an
active member of Team 10,
I received my own as a gift.
Asuma Sensei gave them to
us when we became chunin.
My dad gave them to you?
He didn't seem to
be paying attention,
but in actuality,
he was completely aware
of everyone around him.
I believe that he
smoked all the time
mostly just as a way
to hide his shyness.
I see.
So, he had some
charming traits, huh?
Miss Mirai, you seem
kinda happy now.
(giggling)
Now!
The sound's changed!
-Take them out, now!
-Uh, yes!
Right!
Oh, no!
Hot, hot, hot!
[Mirai] Seems like we did it!
Kinda, at least.
Hm.
Well, the shape
isn't quite correct.
But then, what's really
important is the taste, right?
(gobbling)
Delicious!
[Mirai] Huh?
(gobbling)
Yeah, you did it, Miss Mirai!
It's thanks to you, Tatsumi.
(gobbling)
(inspirational music)
Actually, Mr. Choji,
isn't it too big?
[Choji] You made me such
delicious potato chips.
Now, leave this to me!
(sighing)
Let's just see what happens.
Right.
Okay!
Here I go!
(exploding)
Super Expansion Jutsu!
[Mirai] What?
What's going on here?
Mr. Choji's Super
Expansion Jutsu!
I've only heard about it.
Amazing!
(villagers grunting)
You mean, you folks are shinobi?
-(sighs)
-Oh, my!
Thank goodness!
(sighing)
Ah, here goes!
(grunting)
[Mirai] Please, do
your best, Mr. Choji!
You're our only hope!
(grunting)
Just a little more!
Long ago,
Asuma Sensei would often say
to me while we were training,
it's really best to
just focus strictly
on what you can do right now.
What I can do right now.
(grunting)
(enthusiastic music)
If I can make it a
bit easier to move!
(grunting)
Come on, move!
Hold tight!
I'll come push, too!
[Kakashi] Well, I can't
just stand by and watch.
[Guy] All right!
(grunting)
Let's go!
But what can guys
like us even do?
(grunting)
C'mon, we can't let outsiders
come in here and show us up!
You're right!
Let's take back our
village and our hot spring!
Yeah!
(grunting)
Pull harder!
We've gotta move it!
(grunting)
[Mirai] Just a little more!
Let's do this!
(wings sparkling)
Oh, wow!
Beautiful!
(grunting)
(enthusiastic music)
(grunts)
(banging)
Yes! He did it!
But the hot spring--
(water gushing)
-(sighs)
-Oh, thank goodness!
(cheering)
Yeah, we did it!
Miss Mirai!
Awesome!
Thank you so very much!
Now, our village can be happy
and prosperous once again.
Oh no, it wasn't me.
It was all Mr. Choji's doing!
Hey!
Where is Mr. Choji?
Yes, Mirai?
What is it?
Mr.Choji?
-(gasping)
-(giggling)
Yeah, this just kinda
happens when I do that.
His special jutsu
expends not just chakra,
but it also burns a lot
of calories, as well.
Well, thank you very
much for your help!
I may be a shinobi, but
I couldn't do anything.
If you weren't here
Mr. Choji, by now--
Not quite, it wasn't
just my strength alone.
See, in the same way that you
inspired all the villagers,
back when I was young,
I had Asuma Sensei to
help me become strong.
What?
My dad?
[Choji] When I
was still a genin,
I had a hard time
learning jutsu,
unlike my teammates,
Shikamaru and Ino.
I got depressed all of the
time because of my failings.
(gasps)
Hey, what's with the sad face?
Didn't I say you need to have
more confidence in yourself?
But it isn't as easy as
that to be confident!
Well, yes, that is true.
(groaning)
I wasn't confident in myself
for a long time, either.
Huh?
You weren't?
But if you just focus on
the things that you can do,
one day, you'll become
a full-fledged shinobi.
Although I'm sure that's
little consolation to you now.
But what if that
day never arrives?
Don't worry!
I will train with you
as often as you want
until you pass the Chunin Exams.
Sensei's words back then are
what built my strength today,
And that allows me
to protect the king.
The king?
That's like the question
Shikamaru Sensei asked me!
That's right.
And it was Asuma Sensei who
first posed that question to us.
[Mirai] My dad did?
-So, who is the king, then?
-Hm.
I'm really sorry, but
I swore to Shikamaru
that I wouldn't tell you.
Oh, okay.
[Choji] But one day, Mirai,
you'll understand, too,
exactly who the king is
that Sensei gave
his life to protect.
You're just like him.
-Huh?
-I said you're like him.
You're just the way
Sensei was, Mirai.
I'm like him?
You think so?
You consider every possible way
you might be able
to help someone.
Watching you here and all
of the times before now
brings back memories
of Asuma Sensei.
You are Sensei's
child, after all.
(sighs)
Huh?
Miss Mirai, that's so wonderful!
(giggling)
(gobbling)
[Mirai] Thank you once again!
I'll see you later!
(sighs)
[Mirai] There's
really nothing better
than a nice late-night soak!
Yeah, you're right.
I gave my muscles a
serious workout today!
So, this hot spring
is just what I need.
Miss Mirai?
Yes, what is it?
Do you wanna know more
about your father?
What's this all of a sudden?
I mean, sure I want
to know him better.
But I did get to hear a
lot about my dad today,
so, I feel a little
bit closer to him now.
But all the same, just a little.
I wish that I could've
talked to my father
for even just a moment.
Yes, I see.
Hey, are you feeling
okay, Tatsumi?
Been in here too long?
I'm sorry, but I've
been lying to you.
I told you I was touring hot
springs in my mother's memory.
But that's not the whole truth.
[Mirai] What do you mean?
Miss Mirai, have you ever
heard of the hot spring
where you can see
people who've died?
(gasps)
(Ending Theme Music)
[Mirai] A hot spring
where you can see
people who have died?
[Tatsumi] I came all the way
here to see my late mother
at the Resurrection Hot Spring.
[Mirai] There's no way
something like that is real!
I just wanna see my mom!
Don't you wanna see your
father, too, Miss Mirai?
[Mirai] Next time on Boruto
Naruto Next Generations,
The Steam Ninja Scrolls, The
Resurrection Hot Springs!
Could I really get
to meet my father?
(soft music)
(Ending Theme Music)